docs/src/basicproperties.md, before:

# Accessing Graph Properties
The following is an overview of functions for accessing graph properties. For functions that modify graphs, see [Making and Modifying Graphs](@ref).

## Graph Properties:

- `nv`: Returns number of vertices in graph.
- `ne`: Returns number of edges in graph.
- `vertices`: Iterable object of all graph vertices.
- `edges`: Iterable object of all graph edges.
- `has_vertex`: Checks for whether graph includes a vertex.
- `has_edge(g, s, d)`: Checks for whether graph includes an edge from a given source `s` to a given destination `d`.
-  `has_edge(g, e)` will return true if there is an edge in g that satisfies `e == f` for any `f ∈ edges(g)`. This is a strict equality test that may require all properties of `e` are the same. This definition of equality depends on the implementation. For testing whether an edge exists between two vertices `s,d` use `has_edge(g, s, d)`.
Note: to use the `has_edge(g, e)` method safely, it is important to understand the conditions under which edges are equal to each other. These conditions are defined by the `has_edge(g::G,e)` method **as defined** by the graph type `G`. The default behavior is to check `has_edge(g,src(e),dst(e))`. This distinction exists to allow new graph types such as MetaGraphs or MultiGraphs to distinguish between edges with the same source and destination but potentially different properties.
- `has_self_loops` Checks for self-loops.
- `is_directed` Checks if graph is directed.
- `eltype` Returns element type of graphs.

## Vertex Properties

- `neighbors`: Return array of neighbors of a vertex. If graph is directed, output is equivalent of `outneighbors`.
- `all_neighbors`:  Returns array of all neighbors (both `inneighbors` and `outneighbors`). For undirected graphs, equivalent to `neighbors`.
- `inneighbors`: Return array of in-neighbors. Equivalent to `neighbors` for undirected graphs.
- `outneighbors`: Return array of out-neighbors. Equivalent to `neighbors` for undirected graphs.

## Edge Properties

- `src`: Give source vertex of an edge.
- `dst`: Give destination vertex of an edge.
- `reverse`: Creates a new edge running in opposite direction of passed edge.

Commit message:

Contiguous trait (#1275)
* added trait

* completed interface

* tests

* prim

* add SimpleTrait version for contiguous

* replaced trait with SimpleTrait syntax

* add VertexSafeGraphs test

* remove LG identifiers

* remove deprecated notation

* remove VSafeGraphs dependency

* error in default function

* updated docs

* export trait and function

* fixed various minor style points

* 4 spaces

* direct redirect method

* remove period err message

* added tests for default interface vertices

* MOAR tests

* spacing

docs/src/basicproperties.md, after:

# Accessing Graph Properties
The following is an overview of functions for accessing graph properties. For functions that modify graphs, see [Making and Modifying Graphs](@ref).

## Graph Properties:

- `nv`: Returns number of vertices in graph.
- `ne`: Returns number of edges in graph.
- `vertices`: Iterable object of all graph vertices.
- `edges`: Iterable object of all graph edges.
- `has_vertex`: Checks for whether graph includes a vertex.
- `has_edge(g, s, d)`: Checks for whether graph includes an edge from a given source `s` to a given destination `d`.
-  `has_edge(g, e)` will return true if there is an edge in g that satisfies `e == f` for any `f ∈ edges(g)`. This is a strict equality test that may require all properties of `e` are the same. This definition of equality depends on the implementation. For testing whether an edge exists between two vertices `s,d` use `has_edge(g, s, d)`.
Note: to use the `has_edge(g, e)` method safely, it is important to understand the conditions under which edges are equal to each other. These conditions are defined by the `has_edge(g::G,e)` method **as defined** by the graph type `G`. The default behavior is to check `has_edge(g,src(e),dst(e))`. This distinction exists to allow new graph types such as MetaGraphs or MultiGraphs to distinguish between edges with the same source and destination but potentially different properties.
- `has_self_loops` Checks for self-loops.
- `is_directed` Checks if graph is directed.
- `eltype` Returns the element type of the graph.
- `has_contiguous_vertices` Checks if contiguous vertices from one to `nv(g)` can be assumed for the graph type.

## Vertex Properties

- `neighbors`: Return array of neighbors of a vertex. If graph is directed, output is equivalent of `outneighbors`.
- `all_neighbors`:  Returns array of all neighbors (both `inneighbors` and `outneighbors`). For undirected graphs, equivalent to `neighbors`.
- `inneighbors`: Return array of in-neighbors. Equivalent to `neighbors` for undirected graphs.
- `outneighbors`: Return array of out-neighbors. Equivalent to `neighbors` for undirected graphs.

## Edge Properties

- `src`: Give source vertex of an edge.
- `dst`: Give destination vertex of an edge.
- `reverse`: Creates a new edge running in opposite direction of passed edge.
