# Making Graphs

*LightGraph.jl* provides a number of methods for creating a graph object,
including tools for building and modifying graph objects, a wide array of graph
generator functions, and the ability to read and write graphs from files
(using [GraphIO.jl](https://github.com/JuliaGraphs/GraphIO.jl)).

## Building and Modifying Graphs

- `Graph`: Constructor for a simple undirected graph.
- `DiGraph`: Constructor for a simple directed graph.
- `add_edge!`: Add an edge to an existing graph.
- `rem_edge!`: Remove an edge from an existing graph.
- `add_vertex!`, `add_vertices!`: Add one (or several) vertices to an existing graph.
- `rem_vertex!`: Remove an existing vertex. Note that for `Graph` and `DiGraph` objects
this is accomplished via a "swap-and-pop" procedure where the highest-indexed vertex
is swapped with the vertex to be removed, and only then is the vertex removed. As a
result, unlike in some libraries (like `iGraph`), vertex indices will not all
down-shift when a vertex is removed; rather, the only change is that the previously
highest-index vertex will take on the index of the removed index.
- `zero`: creates a zero-vertex zero-edge graph of same types as the graph passed
as an argument.

## Constructors

### Random Graphs

*LightGraphs.jl* implements some common random graph generators:

```@autodocs
Modules = [LightGraphs]
Pages   = [
    "generators/randgraphs.jl"
]
Private = false
```


### Classic Graphs

*LightGraphs.jl* also implements a collection of classic graph generators:

```@autodocs
Modules = [LightGraphs]
Pages   = [ "generators/staticgraphs.jl"]
Private = false
```

### Small Graphs

Other classical graphs can be generated by the following function:

```@autodocs
Modules = [LightGraphs]
Pages   = [ "generators/smallgraphs.jl"]
Private = false
```

### Euclidean Graphs
Generation of random and static graphs embedded in Euclidean space.

```@autodocs
Modules = [LightGraphs]
Pages   = [ "generators/euclideangraphs.jl"]
Private = false
```

### Datasets

Other notorious graphs and integration with the `MatrixDepot.jl` package are available in the `Datasets` submodule of the companion package
*LightGraphsExtras.jl*
```
