<!-- AUTOGENERATED. See 'docs/build.jl' for source. -->
The following basic measures have been implemented for `Graph` and `DiGraph`
types:

## Vertices and Edges

### vertices
```
```
Return the vertices of a graph.

### edges
```
```
Return the edges of a graph.

### is_directed
```
```
Returns `true` if `g` is a `DiGraph`.

### nv
```
```
The number of vertices in `g`.

### ne
```
```
The number of edges in `g`.

### has_edge
```
```
Return true if the graph `g` has an edge from `src` to `dst`.

### has_vertex
```
```
Return true if `v` is a vertex of `g`.

### in_edges
```
```
Return an Array of the edges in `g` that arrive at vertex `v`.

### out_edges
```
```
Return an Array of the edges in `g` that emanate from vertex `v`.

### src
```
```
Return source of an edge.

### dst
```
```
Return destination of an edge.

### reverse
```
```
```rst
::
           reverse(v [, start=1 [, stop=length(v) ]] )

Return a copy of ``v`` reversed from start to stop.
```

(`DiGraph` only) Produces a graph where all edges are reversed from the original.

  

## Neighbors and Degree

### degree
```
```
Return the number of edges (both ingoing and outgoing) from the vertex `v`.

### indegree
```
```
Return the number of edges which start at vertex `v`.

### outdegree
```
```
Return the number of edges which end at vertex `v`.

### Δ
```
```
Return the maximum `degree` of vertices in `g`.

### δ
```
```
Return the minimum `degree` of vertices in `g`.

### Δout
```
```
Return the maxium `outdegree` of vertices in `g`.

### δout
```
```
Return the minimum `outdegree` of vertices in `g`.

### δin
```
```
Return the maximum `indegree` of vertices in `g`.

### Δin
```
```
Return the minimum `indegree` of vertices in `g`.

### degree_histogram
```
```
Produces a histogram of degree values across all vertices for the graph `g`. The number of histogram buckets is based on the number of vertices in `g`.

### density
```
```
Density is defined as the ratio of the number of actual edges to the number of possible edges. This is $|v| |v-1|$ for directed graphs and $(|v| |v-1|) / 2$ for undirected graphs.

### neighbors
```
```
Returns a list of all neighbors of vertex `v` in `g`.

For DiGraphs, this is equivalent to `out_neighbors(g, v)`.

### in_neighbors
```
```
Returns a list of all neighbors connected to vertex `v` by an incoming edge.

### all_neighbors
```
```
Returns all the vertices which share an edge with `v`.

### common_neighbors
```
```
Returns the neighbors common to vertices `u` and `v` in `g`.


