<!-- AUTOGENERATED. See 'doc/build.jl' for source. -->
# Centrality Measures

[Centrality measures](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Centrality) describe the
importance of a vertex to the rest of the graph using some set of criteria.
Centrality measures implemented in *LightGraphs.jl* include the following:

## Degree Centrality
### degree_centrality
```
degree_centrality(g::Union{LightGraphs.DiGraph,LightGraphs.Graph})
```
Calculates the [degree centrality](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Centrality#Degree_centrality) of the graph `g`, with optional (default) normalization.

### indegree_centrality
```
indegree_centrality(g::Union{LightGraphs.DiGraph,LightGraphs.Graph})
```
Calculates the [degree centrality](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Centrality#Degree_centrality) of the graph `g`, with optional (default) normalization.

### outdegree_centrality
```
outdegree_centrality(g::Union{LightGraphs.DiGraph,LightGraphs.Graph})
```
Calculates the [degree centrality](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Centrality#Degree_centrality) of the graph `g`, with optional (default) normalization.

### Closeness Centrality
### closeness_centrality
```
closeness_centrality(g::Union{LightGraphs.DiGraph,LightGraphs.Graph})
```
Calculates the [closeness centrality](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Centrality#Closeness_centrality) of the graph `g`.

## Betweenness Centrality
### betweenness_centrality
```
betweenness_centrality(g::Union{LightGraphs.DiGraph,LightGraphs.Graph})
betweenness_centrality(g::Union{LightGraphs.DiGraph,LightGraphs.Graph}, k::Integer)
```
Calculates the [betweenness centrality](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Centrality#Betweenness_centrality) of the graph `g`, or, optionally, of a random subset of `k` vertices. Can optionally include endpoints in the calculations. Normalization is enabled by default.

Betweeness centrality is defined as:

$bc(v) = \frac{1}{\mathcal{N}}
        \sum_{s \neq t \neq v} \frac{\sigma_{st}(v)}{\sigma_{st}}$
#### Parameters

g: SimpleGraph     A Graph, directed or undirected.

weights: AbstractArray{Float64, 2}, optional     Matrix containing the weight associated with each edge (i,j)     `ω[i, j]` is the weight between vertices `i` and `j`.     If no weights are specified, shortest paths are computed using equal     weights. If values are missing, they are assumed equal to `1`.     *Advice* Use sparse matrices for better performances.

k: Integer, optional     Use `k` nodes sample to estimate the betweenness centrality. If none,     betweenness centrality is computed using the `n` nodes in the graph.

normalize: bool, optional     If true, the betweenness values are normalized by the total number     of possible distinct paths between all pairs in the graphs. For an undirected graph,     this number if `((n-1)*(n-2))/2` and for a directed graph, `(n-1)*(n-2)`     where `n` is the number of nodes in the graph.

endpoints: bool, optional     If true, endpoints are included in the shortest path count.

#### Returns

betweenness: Array{Float64}     Betweenness centrality value per node id.

#### Examples

#### References

[1] Brandes 2001 & Brandes 2008

## Katz Centrality
### katz_centrality
```
katz_centrality(g::Union{LightGraphs.DiGraph,LightGraphs.Graph})
katz_centrality(g::Union{LightGraphs.DiGraph,LightGraphs.Graph}, α::Real)
```
Calculates the [Katz centrality](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Katz_centrality) of the graph `g`.

## PageRank
### pagerank
```
pagerank(g::LightGraphs.DiGraph)
pagerank(g::LightGraphs.DiGraph, α)
pagerank(g::LightGraphs.DiGraph, α, n)
pagerank(g::LightGraphs.DiGraph, α, n, ϵ)
```
Calculates the [PageRank](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PageRank) of the graph `g`. Can optionally specify a different damping factor (`α`), number of iterations (`n`), and convergence threshold (`ϵ`). If convergence is not reached within `n` iterations, an error will be returned.

