<!-- AUTOGENERATED. See 'docs/build.jl' for source. -->
*LightGraphs.jl* provides the following matrix operations on both directed and
undirected graphs:

## Adjacency

### adjacency_matrix
```
```
Returns a sparse boolean adjacency matrix for a graph, indexed by `[src, dst]` vertices. `true` values indicate an edge between `src` and `dst`. Users may specify a direction (`:in`, `:out`, or `:both` are currently supported; `:out` is default for both directed and undirected graphs) and a data type for the matrix (defaults to `Int`).

Note: This function is optimized for speed.

### adjacency_spectrum
```
```
Returns the eigenvalues of the adjacency matrix for a graph `g`, indexed by vertex. Warning: Converts the matrix to dense with $nv^2$ memory usage. Use `eigs(adjacency_matrix(g);kwargs...)` to compute some of the eigenvalues/eigenvectors. Default values for `dir` and `T` are the same as `adjacency_matrix`.



## Laplacian

### laplacian_matrix
```
```
Returns a sparse [Laplacian matrix](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Laplacian_matrix) for a graph `g`, indexed by `[src, dst]` vertices. For undirected graphs, `dir` defaults to `:out`; for directed graphs, `dir` defaults to `:both`. `T` defaults to `Int` for both graph types.

### laplacian_spectrum
```
```
Returns the eigenvalues of the Laplacian matrix for a graph `g`, indexed by vertex. Warning: Converts the matrix to dense with $nv^2$ memory usage. Use `eigs(laplacian_matrix(g);  kwargs...)` to compute some of the eigenvalues/eigenvectors. Default values for `dir` and `T` are the same as `laplacian_matrix`.


