<!-- AUTOGENERATED. See 'doc/build.jl' for source. -->
# Operators

*LightGraphs.jl* implements the following graph operators. In general,
functions with two graph arguments will require them to be of the same type
(either both `Graph` or both `DiGraph`).
### complement
```julia
complement(g)
```

Produces the [graph complement](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Complement_graph) of a graph.

### reverse
```julia
reverse(g::DiGraph)
```

Produces a graph where all edges are reversed from the original.

### reverse!
```julia
reverse!(g::DiGraph)
```

In-place reverse (modifies the original graph).

### blkdiag
```julia
blkdiag(g, h)
```

Produces a graph with $|V(g)| + |V(h)|$ vertices and $|E(g)| + |E(h)|$ edges.

Put simply, the vertices and edges from graph `h` are appended to graph `g`.

### union
```julia
union(g, h)
```

Merges graphs `g` and `h` by taking the set union of all vertices and edges.

### intersect
```julia
intersect(g, h)
```

Produces a graph with edges that are only in both graph `g` and graph `h`.

Note that this function may produce a graph with 0-degree vertices.

### difference
```julia
difference(g, h)
```

Produces a graph with edges in graph `g` that are not in graph `h`.

Note that this function may produce a graph with 0-degree vertices.

### symmetric_difference
```julia
symmetric_difference(g, h)
```

Produces a graph with edges from graph `g` that do not exist in graph `h`, and vice versa.

Note that this function may produce a graph with 0-degree vertices.

### induced_subgraph
```julia
induced_subgraph(g, iter)
```

Filters graph `g` to include only the vertices present in the iterable argument `vs`. Returns the subgraph of `g` induced by `vs`.

### join
```julia
join(g, h)
```

Merges graphs `g` and `h` using `blkdiag` and then adds all the edges between  the vertices in `g` and those in `h`.

### tensor_product
```julia
tensor_product(g, h)
```

Returns the (tensor product)[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tensor_product_of_graphs] of `g` and `h`

### cartesian_product
```julia
cartesian_product(g, h)
```

Returns the (cartesian product)[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tensor_product_of_graphs] of `g` and `h`

### crosspath
```julia
crosspath(len::Integer, g::Graph)
```

Replicate `len` times `h` and connect each vertex with its copies in a path

